The old prince is back
Grandpa, father, please go home
She looks pretty.
Then you have bad water in your stomach
Um, hahahaha.
Not only thin, but also weak
Go back to the old man's house and give it to you.
Make up for the kidney strengthening technique
Haha, the eldest son of the dignified Dingguo Mansion
Haha, that won't work.
I'm afraid I'll lose face
Ahahahaha
Linger Lai
Let me introduce you
This is General Zuo Wei, Mr. Lu
Uh, Grandpa Lu
This is General Qin, Master Qin
This is Lord Protector Zhao
Grandpa Zhao?
Wife, this kid is good
I heard that the Song family divorced their marriage
The old man happens to have a granddaughter
What is so beautiful, hahaha?
Boy, you're lucky, hahahahaha.
This Lu is awesome
Big waist round na
Did his granddaughter inherit him?
Um no no no
Hey, hahaha.
Grandpa Li is telling the truth
The boy just got annulled by the family
At this moment, I feel that love is as hard as the heart
Oh, don't worry about it.
Ah, that's the old man who escaped
The Song family is shortsighted
Dare to break off the marriage
Don't worry about this.
Just say this to you, Grandpa Lu
The old man will stand up for you
Thank you, grandpa Lu
Yes, the old Duke has a successor
The old man is very pleased
Master Tea and Song are here
Open it and fill it up for the old generals.
Such good tea
necessarily share
Yes
This master can't hold this teacup
This is the good tea that Lord Du gave you.